Bug 1880784 - adding note about cafile (#27684)
openshift/openshift-docs: install/configuring_inventory_file.adoc

openshift_master_overwrite_named_certificates=true
----

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `cafile` certificate will be imported to `ca-bundle.crt` file on the masters during installation or during redeployment of certificates. The `ca-bundle.crt` is mounted to every pod running in OpenShift. Several OpenShift components will automatically trust the named certificates by default when accessing the `masterPublicURL`. Missing `cafile` in named certificates parameter will affect the functionality of Web Console and several other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cafile` certificate is imported to the `ca-bundle.crt` file on the masters during installation or during redeployment of certificates. The `ca-bundle.crt` file is mounted to every pod that runs in {product-title}. Several {product-title} components automatically trust the named certificates by default when they access the `masterPublicURL` endpoint. If you omit the `cafile` option from the certificates parameter, the functionality of Web Console and several other components is reduced.
```

@vwalek, maybe something like this? If there are more appropriate words to drop in, please do, but I think that the sentences should be structured more like this.

> The `cafile` certificate is imported to the `ca-bundle.crt` file on the masters during installation or during redeployment of certificates. The `ca-bundle.crt` file is mounted to every pod that runs in {product-title}. Several {product-title} components automatically trust the named certificates by default when they access the `masterPublicURL` endpoint. If you omit the `cafile` option from the certificates parameter, the functionality of Web Console and several other components is reduced.

Reviewer 2: There's no `cafile` parameter in above openshift_master_named_certificates option. We better to add a more clear example like:
openshift_master_named_certificates=[{"certfile": "/path/on/host/to/crt-file", "keyfile": "/path/on/host/to/key-file", "names": ["public-master-host.com"], "cafile": "/path/on/host/to/ca-file"}]

Author: On it.
